Add docs to oz docsite (#298)
OpenZeppelin/nile: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/nre.adoc

> = NRE and Scripting
> 
> Nile provides a Runtime Environment for scripting that you can use for multiple tasks. The Script is any python file implementing an asynchronous `run(nre)` function to receive a NileRuntimeEnvironment object exposing Nile's scripting API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= NRE and scripting

Nile provides a Runtime Environment for scripting that you can use for multiple tasks. The script is any python file implementing an asynchronous `run(nre)` function to receive a NileRuntimeEnvironment object exposing Nile's scripting API.
```
any reason to uppercase?

> = NRE and Scripting
> 
> Nile provides a Runtime Environment for scripting that you can use for multiple tasks. The Script is any python file implementing an asynchronous `run(nre)` function to receive a NileRuntimeEnvironment object exposing Nile's scripting API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= NRE and scripting

Nile also provides an API to build scripts leveraging the Nile Runtime Environment (NRE), an object exposing Nile's functionality from compilation to account and deployment management. Nile scripts implement an asynchronous `def run(nre)` function that receives the `NileRuntimeEnvironment` object.
```
i think this version explains a bit more what the NRE is and why is cool

== Running a script

> . Create a file named *test_script.py* in the root directory of your project.

Reviewer: i actually suggest having a `scripts/` folder. the 3rd instruction below also asumes a generic path. we should eventually add one to `nile init`'s sample project.

+
[,python]
----
async def run(nre):

>     accounts = await nre.get_accounts(predeployed=True)

Reviewer: a short note for what predeployed means could be helpful for the newcomers

Author: I added a TIP pointing to the entry in the API Reference.

= NRE and scripting

Nile also provides an API to build scripts leveraging the Nile Runtime Environment (NRE), an object exposing Nile's functionality from compilation to account and deployment management. Nile scripts implement an asynchronous `def run(nre)` function that receives the `NileRuntimeEnvironment` object.

== Running a script

> . Create a file named *test_script.py* inside the **scripts/** directory at the root of your project with the following contents.

Author: This answers https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/nile/pull/298#discussion_r1057721676 already. Got it.

> . Create a file named *test_script.py* inside the **scripts/** directory at the root of your project with the following contents.

Author: Added.

== NRE Reference

> Here you can find a complete reference of the functions provided by the NileRuntimeEnvironment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you can find a complete reference of the functions provided by the Nile Runtime Environment.
```
